# HighlightBot
This is a program that I wrote in summer 2016/2017 that I am quite proud of because I actually think it a creative attempt to solve a problem I was having. At the time I was a big fan of the online competitive video game CS:GO (I still am to be honest). I enjoyed that game so much that I followed the competitive scene (yeah the boys). However, I ran into a slight problem. CS:GO is most popular in Europe and this is where most of the large tournaments are held. Unfortunately, I live on the other side of the world so I would have to watch games in the early hours of the morning which wasn't always possible. I also was a bit impatient and wanted to know the results straight away so watching the VOD after the fact wasn't an option either. I just wanted to see the highlights of the game. So it was out of this that HighlightBot was born.  

Most CS:GO tournaments are broadcasted on the online video streaming service Twitch. Not only does Twitch stream video it also has a chat box next to each stream that allow users to talk about what is happing in real time. While Twitch chat is its own unique beast one thing that it does like to do is spam memes. Each community has their own memes but one in the CS:GO community is to spam the word "vac" in Twitch chat when a player does something crazy during a match. This is in reference to the Valve Anti-Cheat (VAC) which is used to protect CS:GO matches against hackers. Twitch chat is basically saying that what the player did was so cool and skillful that it is beyond belief and they must be cheating. It is this unique quirk of Twitch chat that HighlightBot uses to determine what a highlight is (it was initially called VacBot).

Looking at the code of TwitchCapture.py you can see Twitch chat just runs on IRC so I just had to join the correct IRC channel and count the number of time "vac" (or any word for that matter) was spammed in a certain time frame and if I reached a certain threshold capture the highlight. To capture the highlight I used the in built concept of a "clip" in Twitch which saves the last 1-5 minutes of a stream so it can be watched later. I used Selenium to essentially automate the process of taking a clip in a web browser. Now to be fair to 16 year old me while I didn't know what an API was at the time creating clips via the v5 Twitch API wasn't possible so automating the process through the browser was required. Sadly because of the ficklety of websites automation this program no longer works because of changes to the Twitch.tv website.

I have decided to recreate this program using the latest Twitch API in the repo [vacbot](https://github.com/FinnCooney/vacbot)